[Music]
What's up family what's up with me
kids welcome one more day to my
channel remember that well we are every
day live at 8 in the evening
also today respecting the schedule so
that people get used to a schedule
at 8 in the evening between the ceo which
is your mother's favorite channel then
more or less ten thirty 11 we think
about tweets and every day there is a video on
the main channel at around 77 thirty
in the evening - Spanish time - what
good service today we are going to talk about
well a thing is spending the last
days with Jordi Wild and I wanted to
take advantage without malice I mean I have
nothing against Jordi the few times
that I deal with him I mistreat him more or less
cordially politely but there is something that
bothers me and when something bothers me I
have to say it I am afraid I do not know
if it is because of well-being or moralism
for repeating and joining the crowd of everything
that says the cool thing not the people who take over the
country it is ridiculous because it is increasingly
more was more  normalized the
salsero in the community
it's true but notice that every time he makes
any reference to the fit or says
things like this action I love there is a
drum roll he
always ends up coming to many to the
sewers there are interesting things
I will not tell you you know who the
sewer salsero is to be interesting
anime hooks any gossip but it
is always whenever he refers to the
jump or things like that he does it in a
quite effective way it seems very bad to me the
show they have made split it into parts
to make money and include the NATO
survivors how long this
soap opera of a thing that in theory is
so tragic and that they say is so
terrible and then you are doing this
show winning there are all the ladies from
50 to 70 years old
there is talking the rice it was not
for me it disgusted me youtube if I were
a guy who did not dedicate myself to it and
was externally watching youtube in
his mind it disgusted me sal became extreme on
all sides tremendous bad vibes he had
done to him it was gonzalo from the punch of
dario  the opposite had 22 pairs of Huelva
PSOE is that the problem is that now I'm
going to find
clear I put this on YouTube and it
comes out in 14,500 [ __ ] channels of Sanse
or doing the exploitation 14,000 points
salt channels doing the
exploitation of those of the punch of Dario
and Jordi you uploaded three extracts you had
three live broadcasts with the punch of the title
the entire live broadcast and then the extracts
although I tell you completely without
bad vibes and some constructive criticism it
's not code so a bit random because of
course what I was watching and
calling my attention when when I see
your channel which is one of the channels that
people rate as the best
podcast channel the best live channel no
Jordi remembers the legendary
telephone test he did to María Rita Coto
Matamoros and Jordi while they talk about
trash TV with Correa Jordi while on
the controversy of Aitana's hamburgers
Jordi William so very seriously
openly comments on the controversy of  river
wine
reveals that he wins ta ta ta jordi guay
analyzes it the reason why we live
received criticism for the ft well
having in front has taken out like 4 or 5
extracts from the youtuber this stream
in this a muhrada also the same jordi
wild excited when talking about the new
video of the blond jordi while on the
death threats aurum plate jordi
while on the trial of david suárez for
his jokes the fight between
james paul and the other is canceled the punch from
darío that made three or four vertigoes
fornés attacks a man he choca speaks
very clearly about andorra this
combines it he choca about the
risqué content among the things that I didn't
like about the awards in the jordi wild
on the controversy between folk agor crypt
and nínive from aurum play explains how bad it has
been for him with the cob and a hacker
leaves the andorran youtuber without
internet again willy's nfc the
surprising physical change of jackson
momoa
these  worthy of lola this is worthy
of the side of the one who tells me he crashes
gets more than a million
viewers blondes unfairly attacked
on networks for saying I don't know what Jordi gual
about the crash threatened the government
the face of the ub is revealed by mistake your
bernie died jordi it's time for cassette
I know you are a salt channel ceo and that
sanse or mola I would like to
differentiate or for you to explain to me what
the difference is between a salsa channel
and this one is literally a channel that
talks about all the controversial topics of
the weeks that are very good because it
has guests and all that stuff but it is
literally the same it does the
live and cuts the topics to get
more profitability from the live, I mean
literally it is a channel like that of
jabil canío or the one from the south the differences are that
we inform ourselves a little
more because wow, Jordi when he
talked about Michael Jackson I had
to send it to my friend face who
pays less in the end they made a patera when
I talk about the amazon and wow, wow, the slip of
the tongue that they put in some
topics but you know  because they have stuck to
knowing now all the other areas and
criticism begins to emerge and
the crisis begins to emerge because there is so much smoke
there there is so much ash that a massive cloud
of ash reached the city of sao paulo
in such a brutal way and I will leave you
images on the screen that at three in
the afternoon it darkened the entire city and that was
when the international alarms were
activated they said what the [ __ ] is
going on in the jungle what the [ __ ] is this what the
[ __ ] am I order well a life so
fat that with a border as fat as the
amazon is that it makes me angry how well we
gave to the beat that we gave the
moralisms at the expense of criticizing the
work of others me and denigrating a
type of content to speak
disparagingly pejoratively about the
content of the work that the
rest of us do god there is a job like the
most gathering information working
hard so that the content is not lacking the
difference is that he calls it search for
value if it is that it is not possible you cannot
be pejorative golf genre this is a
redneck speaking negatively the
salsero it is like when they spoke
negatively about those of  gossip that they
made him patriotic and charged donations and
so on that in Spain we are always the
Basques of all to be in the last
in North America the salt channels
are the most accepted when a
move happens with some stream the famous whatever it is they
even want to go to the
salsa channels or more known there to give
explanations so that the
thing is clarified by mistake the face of the
same one let's go to the one who needs to take out a
video
Carlos and he will take them out when the subject
pointed to this click Jordi while when it
is the subject of Marlos Argos and that is what he
wants service will take out click well
apparently he has said something for you nothing
captain manu and that nobody has gotten angry
with him nobody saved quite with Jordi
for a rather unfortunate comment she has
become somewhat uncomfortable live and
her community has thrown itself on
Jordi for these statements saying
that the avatar of the same looking young
is allusive to pedophilia there is a
problem and he loves me or the wing hits a
nicu it is how like this of the kawaii like
this is the
problem today you have  the accents not with the
tonic and rami having made kawaii well
look at the kawaii and so everyone happy
what I have is that it causes me a
little misgivings because it has a
somewhat more tone and the worst thing is that this is not the
denim or almost beige avatar it is different I
think in fact that estofán art
[Applause]
but
to one thing that already uploads your sexual avatar they
izardo it but if she does not transsexualize it
izardo it or anything it is the old support I
believed that it was a pay the old okay
okay dv what a great ending but something that
has a touch but this as if I say
that pocoyo has a pedo touch already because it
has a touch but if it is not
sexualized it will end of the head a
video Jordi the truth is that
many subscribers have recommended it to me
I don't know if the game has become
famous or viral and they have all told me the
same thing please do not play it before
doing the gameplay that we all live it
together because it is very cool I can
imagine why it will fly so much
[Music]
no
no Jordi where did you sit literally x what I had is that we
had glasses  man because I've
heard the surely I wasn't
prepared to hear it about him
criticizing spirit criticizing it's going late
nor did this video cross my mind
because the day I saw it I said watch that
has a bit of a plant kitchen there is room to
wait more well also if you put an
image of the
outdated avatar that changes it purpose
because it would be very young clearly the same
appears here too if not in the [ __ ]
appetizer now that he has a faringo
jean pierre is not bigger than the
head those three together and an [ __ ] the
[ __ ] mother not in [ __ ] a nymph but in
such a way that I changed it on purpose
for wall and yellow be but
really there were people who had
because on youtube
with the avatar of none to see if there are no
people to people of all types there are no
people of all types in the world of course
image on the internet
update the
clouds to a 14 year old boy who
likes that okay cool perfect or a
15 or 12 year old girl but of course it
is to think very well to think that there will not be
a 22 year old guy to whom this even
with the voice of the real person can
put a little low like that  horny but
almost platonic love like choosing the
last thing that would have come to
mind and look I've known none for a
long time it's that by that rule of
three you couldn't draw anything under
18 of course that's what I'm telling you to do the
problem isn't her for having her
avatar no the problem is with the
sick guy on the internet which is exactly
as if I were talking to you about Pocoyo how many
Pocoyo YouTube channels are there it's that
I when I heard that Jordi
came to this conclusion but based on the fact
that it was because maybe the drawing
has been sexualized something like that
because he thinks about that when he's seen the
avatar well and also because it's a
cartoon that's why it means that
the expectation you will never be able to have god
in the Japanese or we spoke with Kira
sensei that one day
those who invite again with phase
2 will come again he wants to sit down to talk about Japan he
puts his country that we talked about no the issue is like that there
is so much so much cult of the baby and the
child bordering on pedophilia why do they talk
about this when they're talking about my
friend the image is made out of date
that I had to see if  I ask questions and you do
n't see anything this has to do with why in
40 years this takes for other things
a 22 year old kid comes up he offended me I
don't love you anymore Jordi Jordi you
disappointed me with this it made him
quite uncomfortable to be in charge it was to kill it
is aimed to bring farts I understand
that he didn't do it with bad intentions
but man it must have to have
a little tact it's that I also don't
find the relationship god that already
within a conversation it occurs to you
in Japanese culture that is associated with
pedophilia I've known you for almost two
years and I feel that you never sexualize you get
up [ __ ] you no it's never
sexual and you're going to have it only once it
was like it was I don't know if it was an April fool's joke
or what you call an actress fools the
beginning something like that and dawn a lantern
but it was like weeks after
starting to stream it was like a joke
but he never sexual and I abad anime
sexual I made myself never then
that I talked about sexualizing and all that is
like embers I always respected a lot let's
say my public image
of avatar then the tamales
accept it  bad javi is changing the
context jordi while talking about
older people who see that type of
content does not say anything bad about jorge I do
not know if you are a fan of jordi but since
we started estrato you are
putting a series of nonsense man and if
we have to an old video of jorge
how about like this me too that I do not know what
puts here to give it that dallas and you
also have corpses in the closet they have
put me on rooms here that paints
goals of [ __ ] literally of
[ __ ] as if I were hand in hand with
tala or whatever tala or
tala do what I do well it is normal that
the girl feels more what she is
saying that you put an avatar that
the girl does not talk about sex and
content like that and in the first thing that comes to mind
when she sees your avatar that on top of that I
took an avatar of everything that I have
taken the oldest one does not believe it is
easy for you to come out it is easy for you to come out we
give you a super slip equally
content 0 but equally there will be people
who give it the connotation
the face of
connotations
said  It has nothing to do with
the news, I don't know if there's any
virtue anymore, bro, maybe the sexual and
more of your avatar
[Applause]
Look, for example, this one is obviously, this one is obviously, there are
some that are obviously sexualized,
I hope you take one
that precisely the content that she does
is that what we do gameplays,
yachting, varied, watching me play, react
to videos, not one was another attitude, see
how am I going to remind them? They saw the
news, the typical
Latin American news that talk about
anything without knowing, it's ex-aggressor, only
Jordi, not even the other two know anything about the
subject, how sad when they talk about topics
that we don't even know about, if I and I have had a
cold, they have invited, like, to the
podcast, they have invited me and like,
I ask myself, is this how it is, if this is how it is,
not to inform them, inform their, of
10 to inform it, goodbye, dude, but they didn't
invite me, they talked about measures, talk or
any trace without knowing, the chula
interviewed, I don't mime, what can you do, I mean,
with what she tells me, you have a lip
motion and then with the webcam that
you are capable of  of doing I've seen the thing about the
hands I've seen that well as the face
captures your features more or less for those who
are watching I'm saying look I would
n't like them to see my face I
would like to remain anonymous and
such what would it cost to do this in a
normal version or rather in a version that is what
comes to be not so sophisticated
because I think that you have like the
maximum or almost the maximum of the maximum that
more or less a Latin American can
achieve because horrible I had
tall hair and with green hair what is
happening for what mime I
could perfectly do what I do now as I do it
as I do any discomfort what what
is the terror that there is
regarding that good interview by the
way
well talk about this let's clear up
doubts and let's inform because it is
reported anything of time that they
want but that happens a lot let's
joke they are all the same we are left metro
santos the same it is not the typical prejudice
that all Chinese are the same no no no what is that it
really has an
aesthetic that is that even in
body shape of very hard hair the subject to which I
publish a video my channel one day
investigating a little ebook already  how
the groups are formed that are agencies that do
castings they are no longer groups like
here that meet as children
I think I talk about myself for a minute and
then the other six minutes put that are
left of video I talk about
Japanese pedophilia and hip hop persie exposed in
the title and on the cover
has literally marked a hub and oliveira in all
rule of the worst way is
literally the one who is critical of the
channels criticizing the channels of salt
or that they are disgusting that they are a dump
the dunghill and you take sewers has not
taken advantage of the vitality of the one with the
face of not much takes advantage of it to put it
on the cover and as a title he has told what
happened with that in a live
the camera turned her face and her face was seen
and even and he has put that title and in the
thumbnail and he has cut a piece of 7
minutes of which 30 seconds tells
what happened to him another 30 seconds
says more or less who she is that a
tuber uve and what she does and the rest three
minutes are talking about that the avatar
could be for  pedophiles do not grow
how much and another three minutes of the
Chinese and the capo lost since it will be
salt ceo do it well find out what the
last girl and art a video or I mean
you can take seven minutes I took
myself too and it was me putting it and what
had happened of the thing that they
were doing to her because they harassed her they
wanted to filter her already on the way
the personal data
insults humiliations to the family as it
reports since it does it in the form of
truth Jordi sinned of ignorant in this
same subject does not seek to attract that type of
public and can fall into his attitude it is
a normal stream but with an avatar
instead of a camera just like silver does for
example and nobody tells him anything it is that what a
video of that fortune that he had with
the girl Jordi the truth and nothing is a
constructive criticism no I do not have
any personal problem against
Jordi I already tell you nor do I want to have it
because he has two arms they are two
black-legged loves
but the truth makes me very angry man since they
treat a type
of content in a derogatory way  that we can be
included so many youtubers that we kill ourselves
working because the truth is I know that
people like txuri and I kill ourselves
working for them we have
entertaining and quality content and that it is
disregarded as garbage I don't know how much
when then it falls into the same thing it is going to
seem most hypocritical
huge family the next video a
kiss
[Music]
to